README.md, before:

scotttodd.github.io
===================

This is the source for my [website](http://scotttodd.github.io/).

It uses [Github Pages](https://pages.github.com/) for easy hosting, [Jekyll](http://jekyllrb.com/) for static site generation, and [Jekyll Bootstrap](http://jekyllbootstrap.com/) for its many blog features and theming support.

Setup
-----
To build a similar site, check out GitHub's [Using Jekyll with Pages](https://help.github.com/articles/using-jekyll-with-pages) and Jekyll Bootstrap's [Jekyll Quickstart](http://jekyllbootstrap.com/usage/jekyll-quick-start.html).

Directory Structure
-------------------
I mostly use the basic [Jekyll structure](http://jekyllrb.com/docs/structure/).

Here are the main areas that I've worked in:

```
├─── pages (general webpages)
├─── _posts (project webpages)
├─── assets (supporting non-text content)
│   ├─── images
│   ├─── js
│   ├─── projects
│   └─── themes
│       └─── twitter
│           └─── css
└─── _includes (layouts and page templates)
    └─── themes
        └─── twitter
```


License
-------
This site is open sourced under the [MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT), though the projects showcased may have their own licenses.

Commit message:

Created a custom theme, restored twitter theme files.

README.md, after:

scotttodd.github.io
===================

This is the source for my [website](http://scotttodd.github.io/).

It uses [Github Pages](https://pages.github.com/) for easy hosting, [Jekyll](http://jekyllrb.com/) for static site generation, and [Jekyll Bootstrap](http://jekyllbootstrap.com/) for its many blog features and theming support.

Setup
-----
To build a similar site, check out GitHub's [Using Jekyll with Pages](https://help.github.com/articles/using-jekyll-with-pages) and Jekyll Bootstrap's [Jekyll Quickstart](http://jekyllbootstrap.com/usage/jekyll-quick-start.html).

Directory Structure
-------------------
I mostly use the basic [Jekyll structure](http://jekyllrb.com/docs/structure/).

The 'custom' theme is forked from the 'twitter' theme.

Here are the main areas that I've worked in:

```
├─── pages (general webpages)
├─── _posts (project webpages)
├─── assets (supporting non-text content)
│   ├─── images
│   ├─── js
│   ├─── projects
│   └─── themes
│       └─── custom
│           └─── css
└─── _includes (layouts and page templates)
    └─── themes
        └─── custom
```


License
-------
This site is open sourced under the [MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT), though the projects showcased may have their own licenses.
