pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About Me
description: About Me
group: navigation
permalink: about/
extra_css: /assets/css/about.css
extra_js: /assets/js/github-buttons.js
---
{% include JB/setup %}

<img src="/assets/images/scott-todd.png" class="photo-id img-responsive">

Hi! I'm Scott!

I'm a recent graduate of <a href="http://www.rpi.edu/">Rensselaer</a> (RPI). I studied <a href="http://www.cs.rpi.edu/">Computer Science</a> and <a href="http://www.hass.rpi.edu/pl/gaming">Games and Simulation Arts & Sciences</a>. I enjoy graphics, gameplay, and data visualization programming.

I was a Software Engineering Intern at Google in Seattle in the summer of 2014, where I helped add WebGL performance analysis tools to their open source <a href="http://google.github.io/tracing-framework/">Web Tracing Framework</a>.

Before working for Google, I spent three summers interning at <a href="http://www.mitre.org/">The MITRE Corporation</a> working on social network analysis, research tools, and other fun projects. Take a look at my resume for more details.

<br>
<hr>

<table class="contact-info">
<col><col>
<thead></thead>
<tbody>
    <tr>
        <td>Email:</td>
        <td><a class="btn btn-default btn-raised btn-sm" href="mailto:{{ site.author.email }}">{{ site.author.email }}</a></td>
    </tr>

    <tr>
        <td>LinkedIn:</td>
        <td><a class="btn btn-default btn-raised btn-sm" href="https://www.linkedin.com/pub/scott-todd/45/5ab/459">Profile</a></td>
    </tr>

    <tr>
        <td>GitHub:</td>
        <td>
            <a class="btn btn-default btn-raised btn-sm" href="https://github.com/ScottTodd">Profile</a>&nbsp;
            <a class="btn btn-default btn-raised btn-sm" id="gf" href="https://github.com/scotttodd/followers" title="Go to ScottTodd's GitHub followers page" target="_blank"></a>&nbsp;
            <a class="btn btn-default btn-raised btn-sm" id="gfr" href="https://github.com/scotttodd/repositories" title="Go to ScottTodd's GitHub repositories page" target="_blank"></a>
        </td>
    </tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Commit message:

Added Software Engineer position, updated graduation phrasing.

pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About Me
description: About Me
group: navigation
permalink: about/
extra_css: /assets/css/about.css
extra_js: /assets/js/github-buttons.js
---
{% include JB/setup %}

<img src="/assets/images/scott-todd.png" class="photo-id img-responsive">

Hi! I'm Scott!

I currently work for Google in Seattle, WA. During an internship there in 2014, I helped add WebGL performance analysis tools to their open source <a href="http://google.github.io/tracing-framework/">Web Tracing Framework</a>.

I graduated from <a href="http://www.rpi.edu/">Rensselaer</a> (RPI), where I studied <a href="http://www.cs.rpi.edu/">Computer Science</a> and <a href="http://www.hass.rpi.edu/pl/gaming">Games and Simulation Arts & Sciences</a>. I enjoy graphics, gameplay, and data visualization programming.

Before working for Google, I spent three summers interning at <a href="http://www.mitre.org/">The MITRE Corporation</a> working on social network analysis, research tools, and other fun projects. Take a look at my resume for more details.

<br>
<hr>

<table class="contact-info">
<col><col>
<thead></thead>
<tbody>
    <tr>
        <td>Email:</td>
        <td><a class="btn btn-default btn-raised btn-sm" href="mailto:{{ site.author.email }}">{{ site.author.email }}</a></td>
    </tr>

    <tr>
        <td>LinkedIn:</td>
        <td><a class="btn btn-default btn-raised btn-sm" href="https://www.linkedin.com/pub/scott-todd/45/5ab/459">Profile</a></td>
    </tr>

    <tr>
        <td>GitHub:</td>
        <td>
            <a class="btn btn-default btn-raised btn-sm" href="https://github.com/ScottTodd">Profile</a>&nbsp;
            <a class="btn btn-default btn-raised btn-sm" id="gf" href="https://github.com/scotttodd/followers" title="Go to ScottTodd's GitHub followers page" target="_blank"></a>&nbsp;
            <a class="btn btn-default btn-raised btn-sm" id="gfr" href="https://github.com/scotttodd/repositories" title="Go to ScottTodd's GitHub repositories page" target="_blank"></a>
        </td>
    </tr>
</tbody>
</table>
